Add documentation for deploy apim self host agent (#179)
Azure/arc_jumpstart_docs: docs/azure_jumpstart_arcbox/Full/_index.md

- The below screenshot shows an email alert sent by Defender for Cloud when a SQL threat is detected. By default, this email is sent to the registered contact email at the subscription level.
  ![Screenshot showing test script results](./brute-force-attack-alert.png)

### Adventure Workload and Azure API Management

> This section guide you through deploy Adventure Work WebAPI workload on k3s cluster together with Azure API Management to bring all the control panel on Azure inline with other ARC service. 

Reviewer: Can you please check it is "Adventure Work" or "Adventure Works"? Also it is not ARC, it has to be Azure Arc. Standalone Arc is not recommended in our product documentation.

> > Note: The assumption is the Arc SQL Managed Instance has been deployed. The deployment start once the SQL Managed Instance has completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: The assumption is the Arc-enabled SQL Managed Instance has been deployed. The deployment starts once the SQL Managed Instance has been created.
```

> - Start deployment by powershell command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start deployment by PowerShell command.
```

``` powershell
  C:\ArcBox\Deploy-APIM.ps1
```

- The script will do the following:

>    - Deploy Adventure Web API to k3s.

Reviewer: Please keep the consistent name for Adventure Work or Adventure Works throughout the documentation.

Author: YesI have update so it should be AdventureWorks

>    - Set back end of the Web API to AdventureWork SQL Managed Instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Set the backend of the Web API to AdventureWork SQL Managed Instance.
```

>    - Deploy Azure API Management with self host gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Deploy Azure API Management with the self-hosted gateway.
```

>    - Deploy Self-host gate way to the k3s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Deploy self-hosted gateway to the k3s
```

>    - Configure the connectively from Azure API Management, Self-host gateway and Adventure Workload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Configure the connectivity from Azure API Management, self-hosted gateway, and AdventureWorks API.
```

Reviewer: Also please verify AdventureWorks or Adventure Works. I believe it is AdventureWorks.

> - Deployment will finish show the following message

Reviewer: Consider rephrasing this sentence.

Author: I have rephase it a little bit to be align with the rest. Please let me know if it is ok now. Any feedback or suggestion is much appreciated.

>   ![Screenshot showing Terminal screenshot show output of the deployment ](./apim_01_deploymentcomplete.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ![Screenshot showing terminal output of the deployment ](./apim_01_deploymentcomplete.png)
```

>  - Get the IP address for the selft host agent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Get the IP address for the self-hosted gateway
```

 
 ``` powershell
 C:\ArcBox\kubectl get svc
 ```

>  - The selfhost agent IP as below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The self-hosted gateway IP as below
```

 ![Screenshot showing Terminal screenshot show IP of the self host agent service ](./apim_02_selfhost_ip.png)

>  - Adventure Workload can be tested using the IP

Reviewer: Please see the above comments regarding the naming consistency.

> ![Screenshot showing Terminal screenshot show output of the deployment ](./apim_10_request.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot showing terminal output of the deployment ](./apim_10_request.png)
```

### Included tools

> The following tools are including on the _ArcBox-Client_ VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following tools are included in the _ArcBox-Client_ VM.
```

- The below screenshot shows an email alert sent by Defender for Cloud when a SQL threat is detected. By default, this email is sent to the registered contact email at the subscription level.
  ![Screenshot showing test script results](./brute-force-attack-alert.png)

### AdventureWorks API and Azure API Management

> This section guide you through deploy AdventureWorks WebAPI workload on k3s cluster together with Azure API Management to bring all the control panel on Azure inline with other Azure Arc service. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This section will guide you through deploying an AdventureWorks WebAPI workload on the ArcBox-K3s cluster together with Azure API Management. 
```

> > Note: The assumption is the Arc-enabled SQL Managed Instance has been deployed. The deployment starts once the SQL Managed Instance has been created.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The assumption is the Arc-enabled SQL Managed Instance has been deployed. The deployment starts once the SQL Managed Instance has been created.
```

> - Start deployment by PowerShell command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Start the deployment by running this PowerShell command:
```

``` powershell
  C:\ArcBox\Deploy-APIM.ps1
```

The following tasks will be performed by the deployment:
   - Deploy AdventureWorks API to k3s.
   - Set the backend of the AdventureWorks API to AdventureWorks SQL Managed Instance.
   - Deploy Azure API Management with the self-hosted gateway.
   - Deploy self-hosted gateway to the k3s
   - Configure the connectivity from Azure API Management, self-hosted gateway, and AdventureWorks API.

> - Deployment will finish show the following message

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Once deployment is complete you should see the following message:
```

  ![Screenshot showing terminal output of the deployment ](./apim_01_deploymentcomplete.png)

>  - Get the IP address for the self-hosted gateway

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Get the IP address for the self-hosted gateway:
```

 
 ``` powershell
 C:\ArcBox\kubectl get svc
 ```

>  - The self-hosted gateway IP as below

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - The self-hosted gateway IP should look like the following image:
```

 ![Screenshot showing Terminal screenshot show IP of the self host agent service ](./apim_02_selfhost_ip.png)

>  - AdventureWorks API can be tested using the IP

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - The AdventureWorks API can be tested using the IP:
```

![Screenshot showing terminal output of the deployment ](./apim_10_request.png)

### Included tools

> The following tools are included in the _ArcBox-Client_ VM.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following tools are included in the *ArcBox-Client* VM.
```

Reviewer 3: Please change italic text md syntax from underscore to * in the entire doc.
